README.md, before:

[![Build status](https://travis-ci.org/brandonedens/rust-littlefs.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/brandonedens/rust-littlefs)
[![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/littlefs.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/littlefs)
[![Docs.rs](https://docs.rs/littlefs/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/littlefs)

# `rust-littlefs`

> Rust wrapper around the [Little Filesystem](https://github.com/ARMmbed/littlefs).

## Description

Software is divided into two pieces:

- littlefs-sys: Crate the builds upstream LittleFS C software and makes bindings available
- littlefs: a Rust wrapper around the existing C interface

Upstream LittleFS version is currently tag v1.7.0.

## License

littlefs is licensed under either of:

- Apache License, Version 2.0 ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
- MIT license ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

littlefs-sys is licensed under:

- BSD 3-Clause

### Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall be
dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or conditions.

Commit message:

Add note to README and crate description recommending LittleFSv2 as temporary stop-gap until the memory issues can be corrected.

README.md, after:

[![Build status](https://travis-ci.org/brandonedens/rust-littlefs.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/brandonedens/rust-littlefs)
[![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/littlefs.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/littlefs)
[![Docs.rs](https://docs.rs/littlefs/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/littlefs)

# `rust-littlefs`

> Rust wrapper around the [Little Filesystem](https://github.com/ARMmbed/littlefs).

## Warning

This crate has been flagged for usage of mem::initialized which is known to be
unsound and has not been updated yet to use the newer mem::MaybeUninit
interface. Recommend using the Littlefs v2 crate at:
https://crates.io/crates/littlefs2
in the interim.

## Description

Software is divided into two pieces:

- littlefs-sys: Crate the builds upstream LittleFS C software and makes bindings available
- littlefs: a Rust wrapper around the existing C interface

Upstream LittleFS version is currently tag v1.7.0.

## License

littlefs is licensed under either of:

- Apache License, Version 2.0 ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
- MIT license ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

littlefs-sys is licensed under:

- BSD 3-Clause

### Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall be
dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or conditions.
